crypto/merkle: Add error handling (#558)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/breaking-changes/558-tm10011.md

> - Do not allow verifycation of Merkle Proofs against empty trees (`nil` root). `Proof.computeRootHash` is now private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[crypto/merkle]` Do not allow verification of Merkle Proofs against empty trees (`nil` root). `Proof.computeRootHash` is now private.
```

> - `[crypto/merkle]` Do not allow verification of Merkle Proofs against empty trees (`nil` root). `Proof.computeRootHash` is now private.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[crypto/merkle]` Do not allow verification of Merkle Proofs against empty trees (`nil` root). `Proof.ComputeRootHash` is now panics when it encounters an error, but `Proof.Verify` does not panic
```
